16:46 ing code base to integrate into the Ansible and launch it. That's the other thing he's doing. Now, your agent is like a AP agent. He's a AP agent. The person is working on an AAP agent. Atlassian Ansible Platform agent. So, these are like a workflow agents, which can create a workflow for you. But he's also working on another

16:47 the workflow for you. But he's also working on another, I mean, layer where there is no workflow, simple one code, simple execution. Uh, we'll be selecting any, we can leverage the execution environment of Ansible and use it. Hmm. Okay. So you, uh, work both of you together. Uh, maybe by end of next week. Last Friday, we are connected, sorry, uh, two days before myself and the person I was connected. And we discussed about the same thing, uh, Deepak, okay. So, uh, he was also connected with me and what we are doing it, okay. So now I got to know like, you know, uh, the direction from you, so where we are coming, okay. So I will connect with Prakash and then, you know, uh, I mean, to achieve further milestone, as you say. Got it. So, yeah, the reason I'm, I'm pressurizing the few is, I will be on a vacation from next Thursday. Oh, okay, okay, okay. For two weeks, I'll be on a vacation. And number two, next week, my entire team is coming to Dallas. Um, Oh, yeah.

16:48 entire team is coming to Dallas. Um, everybody. So I'll be super, super duper busy. Okay. So I want to publish a requirement document to, to the engineering teams. Okay. And almost to operations also. So for Navi, if you the self-service capability, so this is one way you can do it. Um, whatever you're five minutes video recording, right? That's one way you can do it. The other way is through Ansible. So these are like a manual ways of doing things. And the other, the, the phase two is agentic way. In agentic way, so your agent will

16:48 [Interruption] ⚠️ iOS Audio Interruption: Due to system limitations, audio during calls or other app interruptions cannot be captured. Content may be missing here

16:49 is agentic way, in agentic way. So, your agent is kind of operations, your agent can be invoked for some complex operations, personal agent can be invoked. It depends on many factors. So, I want to publish this requirement document by, let's say by, at least by Tuesday. Okay. I mean, agent stuff, don't worry about agent stuff. It's still the idea, you can still draft it, but the manual part, we need to have documented. So, I was working, I mean, on something similar to this. What am I looking at? Okay, sure. So, I was just looking into Gemini and it told me that it's good to have some manifest file. This manifest file will tell you the, let's say, name of the automation, description, language, and entry point, and it's a current user, whatever it is. So, when this file is been given to, I mean, it should be part of your Git repo, somewhere. Okay. So, once your agent looks into this file, it knows that, okay, the entry point is Python. And now, what is

16:50 Python. And then, and now what is the right framework for me to decide? Should I go through the API route or should I go through the Ansible route to automatically decide? And yeah, we'll not be having no hard code of secrets. We'll be using vault integration, you know, variables. So it's like a simple one, less than 100 lines. It's a complex one or like super complex one. So we'll be using the Ansible for super complex, and I'm thinking for tier two, we can use the API. For this one, it should be straightforward like a GitLab runner. Something like that. Okay, okay. I'm getting your point, yeah. So, yeah, so please follow, I mean, Melissa's lead as well here. She is guiding Prasanna also. We are following this common template of agents. So it will be really useful, right? Can you share these details with me? I mean, link, can you share the link? Prasanna already has these details. Oh, okay. So I'll do one more thing. Yeah. Okay.

16:50 Oh, okay. So, I'll do one more thing. Yeah. Let me copy. So, now to access this, uh,

16:51 So, in order to access this, uh applications and all, is there anything which I need to do, uh like getting access and all, uh Deepak? The should have access. I don't know what it. Yeah, it was copied. So you copied from this, no? Okay, here. Okay. Yeah, I I'll I'll do it. That's why let's get a good understanding. So this is also a clear requirement. I want three of you to sit together and create a solid requirement and let's publish this requirement.

16:52 requirements. And let's publish these requirements for teams to start working on it. Meanwhile, we can work on the agentic stuff. Okay. So, the team should do start something, right? Start something. Let them do it manually till we And this is also important. When you when you are telling agent, the output should be in a standard JSON format. I don't know. You have to be giving multiple instructions to the agents that it should not generate random formats. Yeah, yeah, we can have a double format. Yeah. Which template you want it, no? We can have that JSON or, I mean, Jinja2 or something. Okay, we can do that. Yeah, you can also personally, you can also attach your plan here itself. Okay. So that I think, uh, Vijay also can look into that. Everybody can look into that. Okay. Uh, so yeah, by Monday or

16:53 Uh, so yeah, by Monday or Tuesday, I want a requirement document that we will be publishing it to everybody. Uh, one, how to use this, and second one, I I'll definitely review it. I'll I'll add more details. So, but at least a draft version is what I'm looking for. Okay. You can do that video. Okay. Uh, yeah, thank you, Vijay. Yeah, you can drop off. Yeah, thank you. Thank you all. Have a good weekend, everyone. Bye. Hi, Deepak. Can I share the screen, Deepak? Yeah, yeah. Uh, so this is You like dark mode? Yeah, you can change it. I understand. I'm just asking. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I prefer the dark. So, cache is integrated now, and then I tried to pre-populate everything into the

16:54 right now. And then I try to pre-populate everything into the cache, at least whatever we have now, right? Like, so we don't have the multiple deployments, so only one we have. So because of that, I have cached that and its corresponding transport cycle. So that's why the performance looks better actually. Okay. Great. Did you run a script? No, I have. Which script, Deepak? The for discussion, the IBM team, right? IBM. Yes. No, I have yet to run. Like, I will work on it. So also, I have integrated login, but I didn't put it here because login, that URL is it's not accessible from this. From the local, you can see like this is the login. And I can So before before logging in, but this will be different from this is different from the Atom's one. Is it okay, right? That's fine. Just a still we are in a fluid phase. Okay, okay, okay. It's only can live with this. So if I give any wrong password, like it will clear it.

16:56 If you give any wrong password, like it will be playing with it. Did you integrate it? Yeah, yeah, integrate it. Manish, Manish, I'm looking for... Are you part of the Tata? Yeah, yeah, yeah, I am, I am... How do you call it? I doubt like whether it is... Oh, I disabled it actually.

16:56 It's still coming up, I think. It's still coming up. Yeah. Now we are good. It should give this is one wrong password. If I give proper one, it will log in. And it will display my name. I can log out. Okay, Jim. Yeah. Okay, Jim. I will I will get that data for discussion points. Okay. And let me show you something. Okay. So, I was, yeah, this is all from your side, right? Yeah, yeah, yeah, you're right. Yeah. Okay. So, I was having a discussion with Marcel.

16:57 So, I was having a discussion with Marcel, and he has a slightly a complex view. I don't know how we're going to achieve that. Um, so he's just floating some ideas like we should show like, um, he has done something like this in the past. These are works. You see, right? Yeah, yeah, yeah, I see. So these are works. This is just, yeah, I can understand. It's like a 3D he wants to represent. Yeah, you see one more image. I mean, he just want to, I think that's what we are also trying. We're already showing this one, right? This this we already have. We already have it, right? And he's trying for something like this, just the concepts. We'll be meeting on Monday to discuss exactly what what we want to show and be very precise. Okay. Then yeah, maybe in my absence, I'll ask maybe he needs your help, you can work with him. I'll let you know. Okay, okay, okay.

16:58 your help. You can work with him, I let you know. Okay, okay, okay. Uh, okay. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Can I talk to you? Yeah, you can. Thank you all. Have a good day. Best day. Hey. Hi, Deepak. So, that JSON files which Venky gave, right? I have migrated it to Postgres. How did you do that? Simple JSON blob. Yeah, yeah, JSON blob, but I've also added extra fields like, uh, it has something called NS instance ID, NF type. So, I've kept that. But if it is not required, then I'll remove that and I'll just keep the JSON blob complete. Like, I have JSON blob in one field and then I've kept those extra fields because I thought maybe it's easier for the agent to query. No, all I want is the agent should answer the questions. That's all I need.

16:59 The agent should answer the questions. That's all I need. Yeah. So, yeah, so I'll connect with uh Melisand uh regarding that. But right now I've migrated it, but if something else is required, I can change the schema and based on Melisand's suggestion. Okay, got it. Yeah. And uh regarding KPIs, so we need some more metrics like agent uh right now we are logging the conversation in uh DB, right? In MongoDB. So we need some more details like agent name, token usage, and how much the latency and all. So I will start working on that from Monday. So there are two threads. One is um the Atlas AI gateway can track something by default, like light LLM, right? It can track each token, how much um the transactions are happening, blah blah blah, all these things they can do it. I don't want to duplicate what they are doing.

17:00 I don't want to duplicate what they are doing. You, I suggest, I mean, we all should have one call with Atlas UI team and see what they are tracking. And now we should do something related to the business, related to the domain, right? So, how did you come up with those KPIs? So, I, uh, like I used this plan mode of Clod, and I told it that this is what we have. And then there are some other basic KPIs like daily active users and all, we, that is like general KPIs we track for all the applications, right? So, all those things are basic ones, but there are others as well. And I also took Malisan's help. So, there are few related to agent, there are few related to users, there are few related to complete application. Right. So, as I am doing my MBA in UTD, okay? So, this is something I, I generally, I mean, as part of my all presentations, I, I was asked to do these things.

17:01 of my all presentations, I I was asked to do these things. So, what I learned is, um, this KPI is super duper important. Uh, don't just based on the air recommendations or plan mode. We are just monitoring something. Every KPI should should give us some outcome. We we are literally probing for some reason. So, maybe I if I get some more time, maybe tomorrow, I will do a little more research on it. Um, you guys see you have 20 KPIs, right? 20 KPIs. So, what is this KPI really helping us? How can I make use of this KPI? Something I want to really know. Having the login dashboard to this panel will give us the users. Total number of logged in users. How much time they are spending here, we can get to know the sessions between the login and log out. We can get those things. Yeah. So, do some more homework on the KPIs and create one more column on what how can we use these KPIs? I will also do the same. Maybe when we meet Monday, um, I want to see those things.

17:02 will be Monday. Uh, I want to see those things. And a good starting point for you is look into how OpenAI and maybe Gemini or Claude or many other public agent platform, perplexity or using the KPIs. What are the KPIs they're using to monetize, right? If let's say we if we are outside of Verizon, if we are building this product, and how do we make money? Something like this. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Understood, yeah. But, uh, okay. I mean, I'll have to check if they publish anything about that on Google. They will. I mean, you will find information for sure. Okay. Yeah. So basically all the all the chatting AI platforms, right? Uh, yeah, I mean, look into just get a good understanding on what this KPIs and uh, how can we use it not only for chatting, for agents or many other use cases. Uh, Monday we have to lockdown.

17:03 cases, there are many other use cases. Monday we have to lock down the KPIs. So it definitely will not be many and many. It will be few and we have to lock down this and you will start working focused on that. Okay, okay, sure. And these these results will be fine-tuning your prompts. The conversations, the KPIs will automatically fine-tune the prompts. Like a like a loop, the feedback goes. We are not training the model, we are enhancing the prompts. More examples. Almost done. Got it, got it. Good. Um, yeah, thank you. Anything else? Uh, no, that is it. Also, uh, that on yesterday there was some confusion with Venky about the data migration. It's fine. That is done, right? Like Neo4j data has been transferred.

17:04 is done, right? Like Neo4j data has been transferred? No, there is no need of Neo4j. These two JSONs are nothing but Neo4j data. Okay, so can we The two JSONs are stored in Neo4j. You can kill Neo4j. Do you kill? Okay, got it. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Okay. Okay, then yeah. Thank you, Deepu. Um, I know Melisande is busy on some other things. Um, but I want also to look into the Lance Swan. Um, is it something, Melisande, we can give it to Musky? Parallel? The Lance Smith stuff? Oh, Lance Smith? Yeah. Yeah, I mean, I mean, sure, but I mean, I had deployed it on the VM. It's just the URL. Uh, it's a very special URL. I couldn't reach it from outside the VM. When I run locally, no problem. Uh, but what I got this way was only the the graph with the with the agent, but I wasn't able to display the tools as nodes. Uh, it's just hidden, but but I got the graph. So, um, so if you want to call that nodes, I I don't know exactly what we need to do. I don't even know if it's possible, but yeah.

17:05 what we would need to do. I don't even know if it's possible. But, but yeah, I mean, and I I I don't know if that's what you're talking about when you. Why you not? How few pending items for a long time. Blank Smith is one thing. Number two, E-Val. Number three, planner agent. So, these are the pending items, right? So, as now I mean, Blank Smith is pending for what? Just to make sure I understand, because I deployed locally and VM is also deployed. It's just not reachable and I don't, I'm really not sure if it's possible to reach it from the VM. But, but maybe it is. So, so yeah, I understand it's pending for that. If you're talking about pending for showing the node, the tool as node, that I I'm not even sure it's really possible. Uh, maybe if we switch from create agent from to an actual uh, native graph agent custom that we built from scratch, maybe, but even then I'm not sure. But, but yeah, okay. If that's what you mean, I understand. So, so yeah, I guess, yeah, I'm not sure.

17:06 and so, I just, yeah, I guess that's another thing. So that, uh, regarding planner, did you say swarm? Were you asking about giving planner agent to as well or? Yeah, I, I don't want to be delayed. So you could, you can leverage for fast track some of these things. So for everything, we need to know the current uni performance. And then adding planner, how much it can improve? If it is not improving anything, we will not add planner. If it is improving, we will add. So I was telling, I was, I presented a slide yesterday or the day before yesterday to somebody else on the uni. I was telling that comparing the cloth code with uni. Let me talk about. I want to make sure you are on the same page with me. I just need to fine tune this much more. So what I was telling everybody is,

17:07 do this much more. So what I was telling everybody is, um, in Claude code, you have a plan mode. You ask anything, it will break down into the logic, small steps. And here we have the, the Uni will do the same thing. Uh, you, the Claude will launch multiple explore agents, but Uni will launch multiple domain-specific agents, topology, health check, transport. Oh, yeah. And you have public skills here, you have domain skills here. Uh, they, there you have local environment, here you have network environment. Security stuff and the, the data. So, my point with my, what I'm trying to tell here is, if I ask a question, it's not one agent that should be launched. Multiple agents should be launched at the same time. Is this possible only through the planner agent?

17:08 Is this possible only for the planner agent? Yeah, so, uh, no, it's not only we. So, if we instruct, so what I was really thinking to do is if we want to keep this swarm approach, then what I can do is add a state variable which is, uh, hand back to me the answer, meaning the agent. They can, right now they can hand off, but if we prompt them to also, uh, hand off and then ask to get the answer back, it will work sometimes. But if we want it to work reliably, we should add a variable that will tell the new agent that just got the hand off, instead of returning to the user, to to hand off back to the original agent. So, that's something I can implement add on top, which should be reliable, and then they can just hand over to each other and get the answers back using that swarm approach we have now. Uh, but that's just one more I'm doing it. Other approach is planner agent, and then other approach is orchestrator supervisor. And supervisor, maybe it's it's kind of another approach to achieve multi-agent collaboration because supervisor can can choose multiple agents and and and run them in parallel. But I think from what I'm hearing...

17:09 I'm in parallel. But I think from what I'm hearing, planner is probably the best approach here. So you tell me, what is the the efficient way? We definitely, the outcomes we understand, we need multiple agents to be launched in parallel, same time. You decide and tell me what is the best approach, supervisor or planner? Honestly, the reason I, I mean, no, the reason I didn't work on that is I had, I spent 80% of my time AI service and people, things like that. So, but other than that, uh, sorry, what I'm saying is, uh, it's, it's, to me, the starting point is to understand what are the questions, what are the answers, and which is your need to be asked. Because to me, the questions that were shared, 99% of them, we don't need multiple agents, unless I'm missing something. But when I ask for config audit status, I have config audit. When I have for the health, I have the health of SCP. When I ask for the design question, I get the design. So, I don't, I need to understand what are these questions that we need those multiple agents. Okay.

17:10 understand what are these questions that we need those multiple. And then I can prompt it and then I can implement it. But we don't, I mean, maybe let me think about some other questions. Uh, so it's not needed to launch multiple agents for every question. It depends on the question, right? It really depends on the question. So if I prompt it in such a way that, okay, look into the, I mean, tell me the health of a BSF. If it is not performing well, look into the its pods. How many pods are in a stale rate? So this is a single question, but it is related to the health check, it is related to the A. Two things within the same question. Yes. So ours, if we know that, then we we definitely need to throw that in a prompt somewhere. The agent will not know out of the box. Even though it knows the capabilities, we have to have an instruction somewhere saying when you you're asked about the health, if you see something, you have to delegate. But as I said, it would be much more reliable if I add that variable so that they can delegate to each other and ask to get the answer back.

17:11 so that they can delegate to each other and ask to get the answer back instead of. But that requires like adding that variable, which might not be the best. Planner agent might be better or even supervisor agent might be better. So, uh, but it's not it's not like planner agent is probably what we're looking at from what I understand, because planner agent will know, will can create a plan and also the plan can be refined at each step. If it turns out it's healthy, then it will it will not have to do go to the next step of checking either agent. But but this way the planner agent, we can pass everything we need in the prompts, explaining how to when when they need to to to to ask which agent. And it's kind of centralizes everything, which is easier to to control. So, yeah, I mean, yeah, I think I think bottom-up approach starting with a question, understanding which agent have to answer, and then I can get it to work. I'm sure it won't take me long. But without

17:12 and get it to work out. I'm sure it won't take me long. But without those examples, I really don't, I, I can't really do anything. So, it's, it's all, got it. Got it. Oh, medicine. So, where are we with this deployment? Um, yeah, so, uh, we just met with Sanish regarding the MCP server. So now it's, it changed a little bit. He wants to deploy it on the LDM. So I think he's almost there. We got quite far, but I think there's something. No, my question is not on the production deployment, neither on, my question is, we have a demo, right? On maybe Tuesday, Tuesday or Monday, I guess. So, did you update your demo version itself? You mean on the VM? Yes, on the VM. On the VM. Okay, only on the VM. Okay, got it. Um, so VM, uh, so the only update I have, so yesterday I worked until like, not very late, but like relatively in the, like in the evenings, a little bit. So I thought then afterwards I was done and then that's, I believe.

17:13 So, I pushed, then afterwards I was done, and then that's, I believe, what you showed this morning in the demo. Uh, but then, uh, yeah, okay. So then, since then, I was, uh, focused on different things. I haven't made a lot of changes. The only thing is I'm, I'm going to push changes, uh, for feedback as well as, um, uh, scrolling. Is that the scrolling we talked about? Uh, two, two things, uh, but, um, but I'm now I pulled on, I'm pulling locally and it's not working, but I know it's working on Muskan's side. So I just have to figure out, once I sort everything out, I can, I can merge to the Unibridge, and then I will redo the PR later, which will have the update for feedback. This way you can show the comment text feedback. Uh, that being said, I'm seeing something that, that I don't understand in the schema as I'm looking the table. So maybe now is the right time to share that very quickly. Uh, yeah, I just can explain something because I remember earlier when you had added feedback, we were actually seeing a feedback key as well as feedback text, and it was

17:14 as well as feedback text, or like there were two keys for feedback, but I'm not seeing them here. And then on top of that, request message, uh, uh, it shouldn't. Can you go to the bottom, complete bottom, the latest messages? Okay. Okay, row content, this is the right format, but then I'm still not seeing feedback. Oh, here I'm seeing feedback. Yeah. Okay, it should be there. Yes. Okay, perfect. Okay. No, I I didn't know. So, I think if you change schema, feel free to delete the previous data so that we only have, uh, like up to. Okay. Okay, perfect. So, but it's not working locally, uh, so I don't know. I have to understand what's going on. I think it's on the UI side because, uh, it's streaming back, but I know, I mean, part of your change is really on the UI, but it's it's working on your end, but not when I call. So, I have to fix that. Once I fix, I can I can push your changes to view and then redeploy. Other than that, I don't have anything to redeploy today, uh, because I was working on MCP server and I also need to work on the AI service deploy.

17:15 server, and I also need to work on the AI service deployment script because, because the main problem here now is that I don't have the credential to be able to deploy myself, so I have to rely on Sandeep. And Sandeep wants me to use Ansible for that because this week can add his credentials in Ansible, and I don't have, they're encrypted and, and that's it. But it's just super difficult, I guess it's not working. Ansible doesn't have the right packages and, I don't know. So, I mean, I didn't spend a ton of time on that. It was more focused on the server. I have to do that. That's my like number one priority. Once I'm good with the AI service, I'm done with the AI service, and then I can focus on you again. But, but yeah, so I didn't push changes today. I'll just do my changes once I'm able to get it to work locally. And then, uh, sorry. And then regarding, regarding the deployment. Yeah, I just have to understand what, what you want when you ask me to redeploy because I deployed yesterday in the evening. So, I don't, I didn't hear anything that I needed to change. Uh,

17:16 I didn't hear anything that I needed to change. Uh, so if there is something, I can do it now and read it, but I didn't hear anything that I had to change. So, uh, basically flickering, I really have no idea why it was flickering because as you can see here, it's not flickering. And then, so the changes that I'm expecting is, number one, uh, the text, the example questions should be short. Yeah, so I actually, I don't know, it's not visible, but I completely changed all the questions. They were, they're much shorter than they were. I know they're still relatively long, but you know that, I don't know if you know, but without an eval, changing things like that is like risky because basically I'm supposed to, every one of them, I'm supposed to test again, like, because each time you change the phrasing, it's like, oh my God. Yeah, let's not do the test, okay? I didn't think about this. If that is the case, let's not do any changes. Let's keep until the demo is given. So once

17:17 to keep until the demo is completed. So once demo is done, then we will change it. You you already changed it yesterday, right? Yeah, I I shortened everything yesterday, but I know it still looks long, but I I know for Gemini I shortened compared to how it was before, but I didn't use yours because it was so short, you almost lost the meaning of what the question was. So, so, so I want to be safe because you told me there was demo and you feel comfortable using super short, but it's still much shorter than it was before. It's not really visible, but uh so that's fine then. So, are you sure that all the uh sample questions are working? Did you test that? So, the problem when we say working, it means first of all, two different, I mean, I guess three different ways of knowing that. One is, is there anything, for example, what if I high error rate? What if there's no possible high error rate? Should I keep the question here?

17:17 no pod with high error rate. Should I keep the question here or not? Because it will just say, I couldn't find any pod with high error rate. So, is that a problem or not? I'm not clear because No, that's fine. You can tell there is no pods with high error rate. You can just tell that. Yes, that's what I'm saying. I mean, that's what is happening. Even in the screenshot you shared, that's what it was doing. It was

17:17 [Interruption] ⚠️ iOS Audio Interruption: Due to system limitations, audio during calls or other app interruptions cannot be captured. Content may be missing here

17:18 in into the screenshot you're sharing. That's what it was doing. If we're talking about, is it doing the right thing? I mean, almost always yes. Uh, there's two things that can go wrong. One is it reaching the AI gateway rate limit. And sometimes it's because it's not doing the right thing, so it keeps trying to find the answer and it can't, so it keeps looping and that's when it can reach it. But it's very rare. But the main, like the number one thing which can lead to problems is the temperature. Other than that, it's super, it's working very well. It's just that when the temperature is so high,

17:19 Very well. It's just that with the temperature so high, it will, it's like random. And sometimes it will pick a word that is very low probability, and it will kind of create something or a strange answer. But, but I have no control until we fix the temperature. And with a low temperature, it's very, it works very well overall. And, and if you ask me if everyone works, but that's what I'm not sure I should be testing. I think it's, I have a lot of work. Like, if someone needs to test if everyone works, I'm not sure I should be spending all the time doing that. But, yes, I think it works. The only problem is the temperature, meaning it can work. Nobody answered the question, right? Interesting. So maybe I should, I forward to answer, ask the question to Likita and... Yeah. And because when you say it works, what I'm trying to figure out when we say, does it work? The question is, does it work all the time? Or does it work 90% of the time? Or does it never work? Because...

17:20 at the time, or does it never work? Because the problem is, I can't I can't say anything works 100% because of the temperature. If it was low temperature, yes, I could say that. But here's, does it work? One time it will work well, it will give you what you want. The next time it will not give you what you want. Even if it's still accurate, it's it won't be the format you want. It will be like you said, the answer is buried, but it's it's it works. It's just less you like the answer less, but it's completely random. It's like not something we can control. Uh, so, so that's, yeah, basically you give me an output, I will try again, it will not give me the same output at all. So it's not about me, like there's really nothing I can do, like, uh, because, yeah, so, so, I mean, just to make sure. Low temperature like that is is good for testing because this way we can see everything that can go wrong, and this way we can refine the prompt. Because, like you say, the answer is buried, what I can do is add the prompt: "Make sure to always"

17:21 What I can do is add the prompt. Make sure to always, if there's no data, just reply a simple sentence saying there's nothing. And now don't give too much detail, don't vary the answer. I can refine the prompt like this. If it was low temperature, I wouldn't even know that because it would always do perfect answer. But because it's doing things a bit out of the predictable, uh, it's, it's good for frightening the prompt because we can see what can go wrong. Uh, like what it can be, what it can do if we feel like kind of more free. So, uh, but other than for testing it, high temperature like that is not good at all. So, it's not reliable. For sure. We, um, really just, I just mentioned her husband. Let's speak for that. Um, so anything else, Madison? I have it. I'm stopped now. I have to meet somebody else. Got it. So, will you be updating to another version or this will stay like this for demo as well? Like I said, I will just put much change. Other than that, I haven't heard anything that.

17:22 Chain. Other than that, I haven't heard any feedback that I can do anything about. So I'm not pushing any change for now. Okay. Uh, Muskan's thing is the feedback, right? Yeah. You don't like this, like this text field. Yeah, as well as, as well as the scrolling, right? Because the problem is now, uh, when I type a message after change, it, it doesn't let me type anymore because of Muskan changing the auto scrolling, which works well. Uh, but now it broke that. So now Muskan can fix that, but I have to push the change because I can't type here while it's generating, which is... Yeah, I, I fixed that. Yeah, I know it's fixed, but I have to now fix it after pulling your branch and then merge and then, uh, because now on your branch, like, this is not working for some reason, even though I know it's working on your end, it's not working on my end. So I have no message when I say hi. So I have to fix that, then I push. And other than that, I'm not pushing any other change. Only thing that is important.

17:23  any other change. Only thing that is important is the temperature and that's it. And I'm focusing on an MCP server which is developed by Sanish. So maybe he has an update. Yeah, he has an update. So I have to have the integration, the how if we're able to connect to his MCP server that he developed. I got it. And as well as AI service because I still need to finish up the AI service and and yeah, so if you tell me after AI service or what is the next functionality I should be working on. Sure, I will I will be listing all in a sheet with all the capabilities. Sure, sure. Good. And I I got I saw your plan and I really want how soon you can do that. Okay. So right now my my my major So Ansible agent, you take time.

17:24 So, Ansible agent, you take time. Okay, okay. Ansible agent, you you take time. But first two parts, right? Yeah, Tyro and Tyro, right? Yeah. Yes. Yes, Deepak. So, for Tyron and Tyro, the only blocker is, uh, since I don't have any, uh, uh, as I said earlier, there is no local, uh, uh, access for me to install, uh, uh, either Podman. Why? The CodeX agent, for CodeX agent, I think we are downloading the complete code in wherever the agent is running. And you can you can use this kind of a Docker kind of a setup where you can spin up a Docker and install all the requirements and run the code, then then get the results and show it to the user. Yes. So, um, that that point is a problem. Uh, locally, if I try to install the Docker, uh, using the CLI, uh, it's not allowing me to download it. So, I chose Podman. Uh, the and then Podman also is asking me to enable the virtual machine platform. Uh, so that is where the blocker is. So, uh, what I was trying was, uh, to use the

17:25 So, uh, what I was trying was, uh, to use the VM, because Docker is already installed on my VM, uh, and expose it, uh, via, uh, SSH tunnel, and then the application stays in my local, and only, uh, Docker, Docker containers will be spinning up in the VM. Uh, that is what, uh, I was doing, uh, till you messaged me in the evening. So, yeah, Tier 1 and Tier 2, I think. Yeah, you can try that. There is an, uh, what is this? Ansible execution environment. Yes. Yeah. So, I will give you one contact from from the Atlassian team. So, they will tell you how can you access the execution environment directly through an API. You can also use that. Okay. Um, so, but that should not be blocked for you. You try your own way. And there is another way you can try. Yeah. So, I want this Tier 1 and Tier 2 to be completed, um, before I go on vacation. Yes, Deepak. Yeah, yeah. So, Tuesday, Wednesday, we can complete it. Yes, yes. Uh, we can begin. Okay. All right. Thank you. Yes. And I'll

17:26 Okay. I mean, is there any way for me to get permission for this Docker on local Deepak at AYS portal or? Yeah, you can make an AYS request. Oh, got it, got it. Yeah, that's all from my end. Yeah, thank you. Thank you. Thank you all. Happy weekend. Thank you. Thank you. Happy weekend. Good progress this week. Can I just show you something? Sorry, I just want to. FYI, I invited, I shared the same reach to some other colleagues, they may join. Yeah, I just wanted to share you and actually there's a middleware for shell tool, file system and file search, uh, which can let the, sorry, I'm trying to load that. Uh, what did I just do? Uh, file search. You just add that and then the agent can do things in the local file system and file search.

17:27 in in the local file system and file search as well as shell tool. Uh yeah, I know, just maybe that's kind of can maybe speed up some of the work for the agent, but I know that ultimately the goal is to run things outside of where they're on a different uh inside a container or outside of where the agent is is deployed. So I don't know if actually it meets what we need, but it just maybe it can it can help a little bit. Yes, yes, yes. At least for the workflow setup that I have, I can test it initially using this. That is what I was thinking. Yeah. Yeah, this is a very good way of finding what's already available. Don't re-engineer the stuff. Make sure, for example, right? There is a light speed agent for Ansible. You could literally use it for any of the Ansible tasks. Okay. For shell, there should be something. So all these things are already available. Yes. So your execution environment also should be available in Ansible.

17:28 virtual environment. Also, it should be available in Ansible open source platform also. You really want to think about Podman and all this stuff. Okay. See if there is a way to do this. Yes. Okay, okay, okay, okay. Okay, I have. How the cloud is working, right? What cloud does? It creates a virtual environment for you, then it installs all the libraries by itself, then it runs your code and it automatically fixes your bugs. If there are any bugs, then it will automatically keep it running. Yes. It will work till it runs. Yes. It will be the same style. Okay, okay. Okay, Deepak. And you got access to cloud, cloud, right? Yes. Yes, Deepak, yeah. Okay. Thank you, guys. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thanks. Thanks.

17:28 Thank you, Mr. Thank you. Thanks to Christ. Thanks. I've been in... Jumping... I don't belong to any school. Put it...
